(Yuma)
Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
(Astral)
He is going to
use Hart's power
as a trigger to fire
the Sphere Field Cannon.
(Dr. Faker)
Once Astral world is destroyed,
Barian's power will be mine!
And with that this entire
world will kneel before me!
(Yuma)
We can do
this together!
This is it!
(Dr. Faker)
Your end begins now.
I'm going
to unleash a force
greater than anything
you've ever faced!
It is draining the
other Numbers' power.
I feel myself
growing weaker.
I Xyz Summon,
Number 53, Heart-Earth!
Utopia!
Rising Sun Slash!
Shark Drake, finish
off that Heart-Earth.
Deep Sea Destruction!
Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon, attack!
Photon Stream
of Destruction!
No way.
Is it over?
(Yuma)
It looks like
Faker survived...
only now he's
got a new friend.
(maniacal laughing)
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(maniacal laughing)
He survived.
(Dr. Faker)
I told you it would be
impossible to defeat
a genius like me--
especially now that I have this!
Fix your fearful eyes on
Heart-Earth's true form.
Number 92,
Heart-Earth Dragon!
He should've
lost the duel.
How did he
summon a new Number?
Your meager minds
can't fathom my tactics,
but I'll try to explain.
Kite thought he
had vanquished me.
But when he attacked
Heart-Earth,
it had no
Overlay Units.
Therefore, I could use
Heart-Earth itself
as an Overlay Unit and thereby
summon Heart-Earth Dragon.
Furthermore, once I've
summoned this monster,
any of your monsters
that are in attack mode
are immediately switched
to defense mode.
And so, you finally see how
hopeless it was to challenge me,
the greatest intelligence
in the universe.
You have no choice but
to accept your defeat!
He switched
our monsters up
and right before any attack
could deal him damage.
This guy's got more
tricks than a magician.
I wonder what else he's
got in store for us?
Let me show you--
get ready you three.
It's the trap Fake Form.
Since the battle mode
of your monsters changed,
you're going to lose
400 life points
for each monster you fools
have on your field.
Each one?
Oh, no!
Yuma...
That's 1200 points, enough
to terminate this duel.
What do we do?
I activate Kuriphoton's
special ability.
I'll send this card from
my hand to the graveyard
and then give up half
of our life points.
Now we won't take any
damage from your trap.
Kite!
Be careful, you're
wearing yourself out.
Be quiet.
No matter what it costs me,
I'm gonna finish this.
I'll never give up
till I beat Faker.
That's an
unwise choice.
If you had backed down,
you would have saved yourself
from even greater suffering!
So be it, I draw!
Heart-Earth Dragon, target
Shark Drake and eliminate it!
What's he doing?
His Number has
zero attack points!
(Dr. Faker)
How's this for
an ingenious plan?
Heart-Earth Dragon can't
be destroyed in battle,
plus any battle damage
I would take gets negated,
and that damage I would
have taken impacts
the three of you instead!
Say what?
He has us backed
into a corner.
We don't have nearly enough
life points left to survive.
That's right.
Heart-Earth
Dragon attack!
Go Dragon
Cannon Blast!
Guys, we're in trouble!
Go Dragon Cannon Blast!
I'll save us!
My Escape Lure trap
will deflect the attack.
Good thing I had
this card handy.
With it, I was able to change
the target of Faker's attack
to a different monster, and the
battle damage gets cut in half!
Now Heart-Earth Dragon's
going after Utopia instead!
Why'd Shark put
Utopia in danger?
Because if you lessen
the damage to Faker,
you lessen
the damage to us.
Hey, that's right.
I'm gonna activate
my trap Half Unbreak!
This card will reduce
any battle damage by half.
I'll use its effect on
Dr. Faker's Heart-Earth Dragon!
Why would he use
a trap on my monster
instead of
protecting his own?
(Yuma)
Can't you figure
it out, genius?
By decreasing
the damage to you,
less damage gets deflected
back to me and my friends!
To be more precise,
your attack on Utopia
only results in 500 points of
damage to Heart-Earth Dragon.
So we'll only take
500 points of damage.
Is that clear enough or
are you still confused?
(Dr. Faker)
Clever, I'll admit,
but also pointless.
I will now
activate another one
of Heart-Earth Dragon's
special abilities.
All the damage that
I took in this battle
will be instantly
wiped out
and my life points are
restored by that amount.
I place a card facedown
and end my turn.
It's your move.
Aw, great, we've only got
a hundred life points left.
That's almost nothing.
(Shark)
But it isn't nothing.
Sounds to me like you're
ready to call it quits, Yuma.
What?
I've never
given up before.
And I'm not
about to start now!
Astral is counting on me
to save him from Faker.
And I'm not gonna
let Astral down.
Time to high
five the sky!
I'm pullin' out all
the stops, Faker!
Are you
with me, Utopia?
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Make way for Chaos
Number 39: Utopia Ray!
(Dr. Faker)
A Chaos Number!
That's a powerful
adversary indeed.
But it still isn't
strong enough to overcome
the special abilities of
my Heart-Earth Dragon!
His Number seems totally
unstoppable especially since
it's got a gazillion-an'-one
special abilities!
But even so, there's gotta be
a way to turn this duel around.
But how?
C'mon think...
Ah, of course!
Go get 'em,
Utopia Ray!
Rising Sun
Chaos Slash!
Congratulations, boy!
You've just sealed your own
team's complete destruction!
That would be true,
except I'm activating
this card from my hand!
It's the spell
Gamusharush!
This shrinks my monster's
attack points to zero
but then you get bashed
with 600 points of damage.
That worked out exactly
like I planned.
My turn is done.
You tried some actual
strategy for a change.
Since attacks can't damage
him, you found another way.
It was only 600 points,
but that's not bad.
We can get
this done.
The important thing is to keep
working together as a team.
It's up to
you now, Shark.
I can handle
it from here!
Gotta tough it out.
I'm activating
yet another
of Heart-Earth Dragon's
special abilities!
If you summon a monster or put
a card facedown on your field,
those cards are banished
on the next turn!
Banished?
That's right!
Say good-bye
to Utopia Ray!
He's trying to mess
up our teamwork.
(laughing)
You must be joking!
You actually think you three
are working as a team?
You're too different
from each other.
Face it, the bond between you
simply isn't strong enough!
Sorry, but you couldn't be more
wrong if you tried, Faker.
We do have something
important that connects us.
It's the
goal we share.
We all wanna
take you down!
And it's gonna happen!
That's right, Shark.
Shark Drake,
let's do this!
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Come on out.
Chaos Number 32:
Shark Drake Veiss!
Next, I'll activate my spell
card, Deep Sea Attack!
By sending Jawsman in my
hand to the graveyard,
my monster can
attack you directly!
Shark Drake Veiss, attack
Dr. Faker with Chaos Stream!
He's steering clear
of Heart-Earth Dragon
to finish off Faker.
You got him, Shark!
Not so fast.
I'm afraid I'll have
to disappoint you
by activating my
trap Fake Life.
And now, watch and weep
as I take no damage
from Shark's
pointless attack
but instead, boost my life
points by the same amount!
Every time we
think we got him down,
he bounces back up.
I'll put a card facedown
and end my turn.
Shark!
We've gotta
get you some help!
Not till we
win this duel.
(Yuma)
But...
(Kite)
Listen Shark...
Don't worry, I've
got it from here.
I'll follow your lead and
crush Faker for good.
Here goes.
I draw!
You three will
never learn.
Once again,
I activate
Heart-Earth Dragon's
special ability!
Sorry, but you'll have to say
goodbye to Shark Drake Veiss!
As you can see,
your "team"
is in a totally
desperate situation!
As you can see,
your "team"
is in a totally
desperate situation!
I was waiting for you
to do that, Dr. Faker.
This is a desperate
situation, but for you.
What do you mean?
I activate a trap!
It's called
Xyz Dimension Splash!
This trap activates
when it's banished,
so thanks
Heart-Earth Dragon.
Because of that,
I can summon two
Level 8 Water Attribute
monsters from my deck!
But I was so close
to achieving victory!
I'm summoning two
of my Hyper-Ancient
Shark Megalodons!
So you turned
Heart-Earth Dragon's
special ability
to your advantage.
Now Kite's taking
over and will finish
what I've started.
Because... the three of us
can work together as a team.
Shark!
All set!
I overlay Galaxy-Eyes and
Shark's Two Hyper Megalodons!
With these three monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Neo
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Cool, now we're
back in business!
I've almost exceeded
the limit of my power
but I have to hang on.
I must find the
strength... within me.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes'
special ability activates!
It gets rid of the
special abilities
of all the other
monsters on the field!
Photon Howling!
Heart-Earth!
Your Numbers special abilities
are no more, Doctor.
And by using
one Overlay Unit,
Neo Galaxy-Eyes can absorb all
your Numbers Overlay Units.
Oh, and here's something else
that might interest you:
Neo Galaxy-Eyes gains
500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit
that it absorbed.
5,000 points,
it can't be!
Now then, Faker, are you
gonna come to your senses
and give up your
insane schemes?
Or will I have to force
you to change your ways?
How dare you threaten the
universe's greatest genius!
Guess I will
have to use force.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes,
attack with
Ultimate Photon Stream
of Destruction!
Awesome, that sure
cut Faker down to size.
I'll give you
one last chance.
Set Hart free now.
I won't ask again.
Release him!
Don't you see...
I can't.
You think you're
helping Hart
but you're only putting
him in greater danger.
How is that?
Because your brother
cannot hope to survive
unless Astral World is
destroyed once and for all!
Why would you have to destroy
Astral World to save Hart?
It makes sense
once you see
that Hart's life depends
on Barian World's power.
Barian World?
Ever since his birth,
Hart's physical
condition was frail.
I knew it would grow
worse over time
unless something
drastic was done.
In my quest
to save the boy,
I decided I had to look outside
our world for a solution.
Once I had
decided that
I would save Hart
no matter what,
I abandoned
everything else.
Even my own principles.
Although I greatly
respected Byron and Kazuma,
I nevertheless
betrayed them
in order to open the
portal we discovered.
As I hoped, the portal did
open to another world.
I soon discovered it
was called Barian.
It was a strange world
with energy resources
that seemed
to be unique.
Because of this,
the inhabitants
possessed knowledge and
technologies radically
different
from our own.
I did not hesitate to
make a deal with them.
They promised me that
they would save Hart
and in exchange, I agreed
to destroy Astral World.
My plan
slowly took shape.
It would require
great force,
but by harnessing the
power of the Numbers,
I could use my
Sphere Field Cannon
to target Astral World
and obliterate it.
Failure is
not an option.
I was told that if my
mission does not succeed,
Hart would
be taken away.
Why didn't you tell me
all this before?
I couldn't risk it.
I was afraid that if you
learned the truth,
you might
try something rash
that could
increase the danger.
I will always be
grateful to you, Kite.
I asked much of you,
especially when I needed
you to become a Number Hunter
to help your brother.
Even then you
did not defy me.
I wish I could have told
you the whole truth about
why I was driven to such
extremes, but then...
That was wrong
of you, Father.
(Kite)
You put your trust in
Barian without question
yet you couldn't find it in
yourself to trust me...
...your own son!
My son!
I've sworn to protect Hart and
I intend to keep that promise.
But I'll do it
the right way.
And that's by stopping
Barian World!
Kite, you won't be
fighting alone.
I don't know
a lot about Barian,
but I'll be battling
at your side!
(Shark)
And so will I.
Shark?
Don't get
the wrong idea.
Barian has to be stopped and
I wanna be in on the action.
(Yuma)
We'll join all of
our powers together.
Just like we
did today, guys!
We can't lose!
Father, you don't have to
carry this burden anymore.
We'll settle everything,
I promise.
I know what I'm doing.
Please trust me.
Yes, Kite.
(Barian)
Dr. Faker!
You almost succeeded.
But at the critical
moment, you faltered!
Wait, what's wrong?
No, no, stay away!
What's happening
to you, Father?
(Barian)
Since you failed me, I will
have to complete what you began.
(roaring)
What's happening?
(Barian)
You three believe
you can defeat me?
Then I will give you
the chance to prove it.
This duel
is far from over.
What do you mean--
who are you?
I am from Barian World!
(maniacal laughing)